### 1. NAMESPACES    
 - Allow structure for our code. Namespaces can be nested so having a namespace contain another namespace
    but also contain classes, interfaces, delegates.    
 - A class can be used in multiple namespaces 
   
### 2. CLASSES   
 - A class represents a custom data type. In C#, the class defines the kinds of information and methods
   included in a custom type.   
 - When used in various areas of a program a class will be instantiated or an object will be created.    
 - A class will take fields as class members which have a default value (e.g boolean by default is false)   
 - Each Class Field has a Property which validates what values are set to a specific Field using get() and set()   
    ```a get() method, or getter: called when the property is accessed```   
    ```a set() method, or setter: called when the property is assigned a value```   

    ```C# Forest f = new Forest();
    f.Area = -1; // set() is called
    Console.WriteLine(f.Area); // get() is called; prints -1```
- Name a property with the title-cased version of its field’s name, e.g. age and Age, name and Name   
- public — a public member can be accessed by any class   
  private — a private member can only be accessed by code in the same class


 - If we want programs to get the value of a property, but we don’t want programs to set the value of the property. Then we can:   
    - not include a set() method, or    
    - make the set() method private.   

- Constructors look like a method, but there is no return type listed (int, string, etc) and the method name is the name of its enclosing class.
- If no constructor is defined in a class, one is automatically created for us. It takes no parameters, so it’s called a parameterless constructor.

+ Class Basics:
  
    - Define a class
    - Instantiate an object using new
    - Define fields, the pieces of data for each class
    - Define properties, the spokespeople for each field
    - Define automatic properties, the shorthand for making properties
    - Define methods, the actions a class can take
    - Define constructors, the special methods called when a class is instantiated
    - Overload constructors and reuse code with this
    - Control access to class members using public and private
    
    - custom data type is defined by a class.
    -  instance of a class is called an object. Multiple, unique objects can be instantiated from one class.
    -  This process of bundling related data and methods into a type is called encapsulation, and it makes code easier to organize and reuse.
    
+ Interfaces:   

    - The interface says what a class MUST have. It does not say what a class MUST NOT have.      
    
    - Interfaces cannot specify two types of members that are commonly found in classes, Constructors and Fields       
    
    - Interfaces are useful to guarantee certain functionality across multiple classes      
    
    - You can add members to classes that weren’t specified in the interface        
    
    - A class can implement multiple interfaces. For example, Sedan could implement IAutomobile and a new IRecyclable interface.      
      It would be useful to separate interfaces if they aren’t related, i.e. not all automobiles are recyclable.

+ Inheritance:
    - In inheritance, one class inherits the members of another class. The class that inherits is called a subclass or derived class. The other class is called a 
      superclass or base class.
