- Static means “associated with the class, not an instance”. Thus any static member is accessed from the class, not an instance   
- If you tried to access a static member from an instance (like f.Definition) you would get an error      

- When creating static methods we add static to both the field definition and method Define().    
  This is because a static method can only access other static members.It cannot access instance members.
- An instance constructor is run before an instance is used, and a static constructor is run once before a class is used.     

- A static class cannot be instantiated, so we only want to do this if we are making a utility or library, like Math or Console.   
  These two common classes are static because they are just tools — they don’t need specific instances and they don’t store new information.

## Common Errors
+ This error usually means we labeled a static constructor as public or private, which is not allowed:
```C#
    error CS0515: 'Forest.Forest()': static constructor cannot have an access modifier
```

+ This usually means we tried to reference a non-static member from a class, instead of from an instance:
```C#
    error CS0120: An object reference is required to access non-static field, method, or property 'Forest.Grow()'

``` 
+ This usually means that we tried to reference a static member from an instance, instead of from the class:
```C#
    error CS0176: Member 'Forest.TreeFacts' cannot be accessed with an instance reference; qualify it with a type name instead
``` 

## Analysis of static member Main()
```C#
class Program
{
  public static void Main (string[] args) 
  {
  }
}
```

    + Main() is a method of the Program class.
    + public  — The method can be called outside the Program class.
    + static  — The method is called from the class name: Program.Main().
    + void    — The method means returns nothing.
    + string[] args — The method has one parameter named args, which is an array of strings.

  Main() is like any other method.  It has a special use for C#, but it has the same format structure as any method. 

